A Workout consists of Exercises

An Exercise consists of a 
- name
- notes
  - rep range
  - working weight
  - technique
- Sets

A Set consists of a
- set number
- weight done
- reps completed
- type ("WORKING", "WARMUP", "DROPSET", "FAILED")
- status ("COMPLETED", "IN PROGRESS")

Initialize newly picked exercise with one set with empty
weight and reps.
Set number starts with one and increments every time 
'Add Set' is pressed.
Type and status are initialized with values 'WORKING'
and 'IN PROGRESS' until the user possibly changes them.

Instead of having multiple components for headerTimer 
I should just render one from app and then manage what 
is shown from that one component and create more 
under that component as needed.


When to insert/modify data in database:
- When user starts a new blank workout or routine
- When a user creates/deletes a routine
- When a user adds/deletes an exerciseInstance
- When a user creates/deletes an exercise
- When a user changes the status of a set
- When the user ends/cancels a workout
- When a user looks at their workout history
- When a user looks at the history of an exercise

Need to add screens for these first

run on iphone simulator on mac: 
xcode > xcode tab > simulator
run expo start + i

only save an exercise and its data when at least one
set has its status changed to completed

when workout started generate workoutId and start stopwatch
need to put stopwatch somewhere

if user tries to end workout under a minute after the workout
was started or if workout has no exercises or if no completed sets
then cancel workout don't save

how to save entered data and active workout when 
app crashes/is killed/is in background?

need to set up notifications for set timer

when to save data? on change?

use context or just sql updates?

what if user unchecks the one set they completed?
need to track number of sets completed in workout

need to stop header timer when workout is ended

can't play sounds in background, going to have to use notifications
when app is in background when timer goes off

can't get custom sound to play for local notification only default

maybe try ejecting to react native app but then can't use
expo to publish to app store?

don't worry about notifications for now, worry about saving workout data

for a workout you can only update the name and duration, so do 
these at same time with one function

why update duration?
just set endTime at end with DATETIMENOW
then when need duration after workout is over
subtract start time from end time

no more checking workout duration when ending workout
doesn't make sense just go off completed sets

need to create exercise instance for each exercise in routine
if doing routine workout 
or if adding an exercise mid workout

only insert exercise instance if the set is completed?
need to make sure set completed button cant be set to completed
when pressed if weight and reps fields are empty

need to implement exercise number in workout

will exercise component lose its data if its position
is moved??

NEED TO UPDATE EVERYTHING WHEN COMPLETED SET IS DELETED

should workout order be managed in active workout?
can't rely on number in routine if not using routine
or if user doesn't want to add that exercise to routine